docs: Add browser monitoring proxy page (#14672)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/proxy-agent-requests.mdx

---
title: Proxy agent chunk requests and analytics data
tags:
  - Browser monitoring
  - Proxy
metaDescription: "The agent can be configured to fetch its code and send analytics through a proxy server instead of New Relic's endpoints."
---

From [version 1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes) and higher, the browser agent officially allows a proxy url to be set when determining either or both of:

1. Where to fetch or lazy-load agent code. (Default: js-agent.newrelic.com CDN)

> 2. Where to send analytics. (Default: bam.nr-data.net)

Reviewer: We should probably guard against explicitly calling out the `defaults` as those are subject to become stale or inaccurate over time.

> Today, many ad-blockers and security VPNs out there block client requests to third-party domains including ours, and as the number of internet users opting into ad-blockers increase, we continue to lose observability on those devices. One solution would be to proxy those requests though an unblocked middleman. For instance, `abc.com` can send its visitor analytics through its `nrbeacon.abc.com` proxy which would not be blocked by anti-adware being that it's considered a first-party (sub)domain.

Reviewer: Would suggest we don't use real company names as examples

```suggestion
Today, many ad-blockers and security VPNs block client requests to third-party domains including New Relic's. As the number of internet users opting into the use of ad-blockers increase, customers will continue to lose observability on those devices. One solution would be to proxy those requests though an unblocked middleman. For example, `yoursite.com` can send its visitor analytics through its `nrbeacon.yoursite.com` proxy which would not be blocked by anti-adware being that it's considered a first-party (sub)domain.
```

<Callout variant="important">

>   This feature is currently available for those using the copy-and-paste _or_ NPM installation methods. There is no UI configuration at this time, and APM auto-injected agents are not able to use this until further improvements are made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This feature is currently available for those using the copy-and-paste _or_ NPM installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We are continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.
```

</Callout>

## How to use a proxy [#use]

> On the agent side, it looks at two configuration properties when determining where to fetch chunks or send data per above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent utilizes two configuration properties when determining where to fetch chunks or send data.
```

> The agent utilizes two configuration properties when determining where to fetch agent code or send observability data.
> 
> For example, using copy-paste agent:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The agent utilizes two configuration properties when determining where to fetch agent code or send observability data: `assets` and `beacon`.

If you're using the copy/paste installation method, here's how the browser JavaScript snippet would look:
```

```js
window.NREUM.init = {
    ...<other init properties>,
    proxy: {
        assets: <URL to fetch agent chunks>,
        beacon: <URL to send analytics>
    }
}
```

> For NPM, similarly just pass the `init` object with a proxy as part of any other configurations:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using the NPM installation method, pass the `init` object with a proxy as part of any other configurations:
```

```js

> new BrowserAgent({ init: { proxy: <object similar to above> } })

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
new BrowserAgent({ init:     proxy: {
        assets: <URL to fetch agent chunks>,
        beacon: <URL to send analytics>
    }
})
```

```

> `init.proxy.assets` is used verbatim in the copy-and-paste installation to fetch agent chunks. This implies you are hosting the file somewhere instead it being retrieved via our CDN. 

Reviewer 2: This is not accurate. The customer's are not hosting the files, they are only providing a reverse proxy where our CDN is the upstream origin.

* For example, the v1.240.0 Pro+SPA loader will require `nr-spa.___-1.240.min.js` file.
* If you are hosting the file on a `nrassets.abc.com` proxy, you must provide this value as the URL, `'https://nrassets.abc.com/'`, including the scheme and ending slash.

This is not relevant to NPM installed agents, as the main host project's bundler should take care of resources. `init.proxy.beacon` is used by both installation to determine the host to which data such as page view timings are sent. 

* For example, if those payloads are routed through a `nrbeacon.abc.com` proxy, then that is the exact string value to use. 

> * Note that the scheme (e.g, `'https://'`) and ending slash **should be omitted** for this property.

Reviewer: We should probably wrap this in one of those `important` modals

Reviewer 2: Should also indicate an optional port will be respected.

```js
NREUM.init = {
    proxy: {
        assets: 'https://exampleproxy.com/',

>         beacon: 'exampleproxy.com'

Reviewer: our example should probably show that the assets and beacon are meant to be separate paths

Reviewer 2: They don't have to be but it would make setting up and managing the proxy a lot simpler for the customer.

Reviewer 2: In fact I would probably put that into a callout....our recommendation to use different paths for each item.

    }
}
```

## About your proxy server [#expectations]

The New Relic browser agent team provides neither a cloud proxy service nor support on such service application. **You must make and maintain your own proxy servers.**

To that effect, some assumptions are made about your proxy that must hold true for full functionality:

1. As mentioned above, if a proxy is used to load the agent chunk(s), it must hold an exact replica of that(those) chunk(s). E.g., for v1.240.0, `
https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js` should duplicatively exist at `
https://yourproxy.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js`.
2. No modification to the original client outgoing payload is made by the proxy.

> 3. The proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic, e.g. `https://bam.nr-data.net`.

Reviewer 2: We need to provide instructions around where each proxy key should be proxied to. This is not going to be the same for every customer.

> 4. Responses by the New Relic endpoints are also forwarded back to client unmodified.

Reviewer 2: You could simplify 2 and 6.

2. Requests and responses through the proxy server should not be modified.

> 5. The client IP is passed in the `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header from the proxy to New Relic servers. This is needed for the geolocation features in New Relic to work correctly.

Reviewer 2: I would say this is recommended but customers concerned with user privacy can block geolocation by not including this header.

> 6. Your system has the capability and capacity to handle the amount of bandwidth and traffic generated by analytics collection.

Reviewer: Do we need to give more explicit instructions on how to set up the pass-thru?  Like assets needs to call here, beacons need to call here, etc?

Reviewer 2: Yes. And also how to determine the right beacon endpoint.

---

> title: Proxy agent code and analytics data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Proxy agent code and analytics
```

tags:
  - Browser monitoring
  - Proxy
metaDescription: "The agent can be configured to fetch its code and send analytics through a proxy server instead of New Relic's endpoints."
---

From [version 1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes) and higher, the browser agent officially allows a proxy url to be set when determining either or both of:

> 1. Where to fetch or lazy-load agent code
> 2. Where to send observation data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Where to fetch or lazy-load agent code
* Where to send observation data
```

Setting a proxy URL for the browser agent can be valuable because it can help you to get around ad blockers and security VPNs that block client requests to third-party domains.

Ad blockers and security VPNs often block third-party domains because they can be used to track users across the web. By proxying your requests through a first-party subdomain, you can bypass these blockers and ensure that your observability data is still being collected.

> ## How proxies work [#how-proxies-work]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## How to proxy agent code and analytics data to New Relic [#how-proxies-work]
```

> Today, many ad-blockers and security VPNs block client requests to third-party domains including New Relic's. As the number of internet users opting into the use of ad-blockers increase, customers will continue to lose observability on those devices. One solution would be to proxy those requests though an unblocked middleman. For example, `yoursite.com` can send its user observability data through its `nrbeacon.yoursite.com` proxy which would not be blocked by ad-blockers being that it's considered a first-party (sub)domain.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As ad blockers and security VPNs increasingly block client requests to third-party domains, including New Relic's, you will see your observability on these devices decline. One way to get around ad blockers is to proxy your requests through a third-party domain that is not blocked. For example, `yoursite.com` could send user observability data through a proxy domain called `nrbeacon.yoursite.com`. This would work because ad blockers typically do not block first-party subdomains.
```

Author: "proxy your requests through a **third-party** domain that is not blocked." - the bolded part is incorrect

Reviewer 3: Ah, it's suppose to be first-party domain, right? @cwli24

> From [version 1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes) and higher, you can set up a proxy by configuring the following browser agent properties:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With [browser agent version 1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes) and higher, you can set up a proxy by configuring the following browser agent properties:
```

>   This feature is currently available for those using the copy-paste _or_ NPM installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We are continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  This feature is currently available for those using the copy/paste or NPM browser installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We are continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.
```

## How to use a proxy [#use]

> The agent utilizes two configuration properties when determining where to fetch agent code or send observability data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using the copy/paste installation method, the agent utilizes two configuration properties when determining where to fetch agent code or send observability data: `assets` and `beacon`.
```

Author: This isn't specific to the copy/paste. This config is available to both installation as mentioned above.

> For example, using copy-paste agent:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here's how the browser JavaScript snippet would look:
```

Author: May have to add "if using the copy/paste agent" because this snippet isn't applicable to NPM

>   * If you’re using the copy/paste installation method, you’ll need to manually edit your JavaScript snippet and set `assets` to your domain URL. For example, if you’re using browser agent v1.240.0 Pro+SPA, and you set `init.proxy.assets` to `assets.mydomain.com`, the browser agent will be loaded from `https://assets.mydomain.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * If you’re using the copy/paste installation method, you’ll need to manually edit your JavaScript snippet and set `assets` to your domain URL. 
  * For example, if you’re using browser agent v1.240.0 Pro+SPA, and you set `init.proxy.assets` to `assets.mydomain.com`, the browser agent will be loaded from `https://assets.mydomain.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`.
```

```js
window.NREUM.init = {
    ...<other init properties>,
    proxy: {
        assets: <URL to fetch agent chunks>,
        beacon: <URL to send analytics>
    }
}
```

For NPM, similarly just pass the `init` object with a proxy as part of any other configurations:

```js
new BrowserAgent({ init: { proxy: <object similar to above> } })
```

`init.proxy.assets` is used verbatim in the copy-paste installation to fetch agent code.

* For example, the v1.240.0 Pro+SPA loader will require `nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.min.js` file.

> * If this field is set to `nrassets.abc.com``, the agent code will be loaded from `https://nrassets.abc.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`.

Reviewer 3: @cwli24 Can you convert this written example into a JS code snippet? I think it'll be easier for the reader to digest

Author: You mean like ...

If this field is set to:
```
init: { proxy: { assets: 'nrassets.abc.com' } }
```
, the agent code will be loaded from `https://nrassets.abc.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`.

?

> ### Recommendations for proxy URLs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Recommendations
```

> This configuration is not relevant to NPM installed agents. NPM installed agents will undergo the same bundling process as the host application and should result in agent assets in the output directory along side the host application. When the host application is deployed, those agent assets should be deployed as well resulting in agent code already loading from the same domain as the site.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This configuration is not relevant to NPM-installed agents. NPM-installed agents will undergo the same bundling process as the host application and should result in agent assets in the output directory along side the host application. When the host application is deployed, those agent assets should be deployed as well, resulting in agent code already loading from the same domain as the site.
```

> `init.proxy.beacon` is used by both installation to allow proxying of observability data through a different domain. For example, if this field is set to `nrbeacon.abc.com`, all observability data will be sent to `https://nrbeacon.abc.com/<observability endpoint>` instead of what is configured automatically on the New Relic account and found in the `NREUM.info.beacon` configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`init.proxy.beacon` is used by both installation methods to allow proxying of observability data through a different domain. For example, if this field is set to `nrbeacon.abc.com`, all observability data will be sent to `https://nrbeacon.abc.com/<observability endpoint>` instead of what is configured automatically on the New Relic account and found in the `NREUM.info.beacon` configuration.
```

<Callout variant="important">
These configurations should follow a pattern of `<domain>[:<port>][/<path>]`. The protocol `https://` and ending slash **should be omitted**. The `port` and `path` are optional and will be respected.

> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: This is where I think we have some confusion in the agent. The asset proxy value is expected to have the protocol and not end in a slash. The beacon proxy value is expected to not have the protocol and not end in a slash.

Author: Related comment on https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/14672#discussion_r1338578391

> ### Recommendations for proxy URLs
> 
> When configuring these properties, we recommend the following:
> 
> * Use a first-party subdomain. Even though you can technically use a third-party subdomain, it’s likely to get blocked by ad blockers and security VPNs.
> * The subdomain URL pattern is `<domain>[:<port>][/<path>]`. Make sure to omit the protocol `https://` and ending URL slash. The `port` and `path` are optional and will be respected if added.
> * If you’re configuring both `assets` and  `beacon`, set different values for each proxy URL, such as using a different subdomain for each URL or one that contains a different path. This will make configuring the proxy server a lot easier.
> 
> ## Set up your proxy [#set-up]
> 
> To set up your proxy, see the instructions below based on which deployment method you used to install the browser agent.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Set up your proxy [#set-up]

To set up your proxy, see the instructions below based on which deployment method you used to install the browser agent.

### Recommendations

When configuring these properties, we recommend the following:

* Use a first-party subdomain. Even though you can technically use a third-party subdomain, it’s likely to get blocked by ad blockers and security VPNs.
* The subdomain URL pattern is `<domain>[:<port>][/<path>]`. Make sure to omit the protocol `https://` and ending URL slash. The `port` and `path` are optional and will be respected if added.
* If you’re configuring both `assets` and  `beacon`, set different values for each proxy URL, such as using a different subdomain for each URL or one that contains a different path. This will make configuring the proxy server a lot easier.

```

<Callout variant="tip">

> The browser agent team recommends using different values for each proxy configuration. This may mean each configuration is a different subdomain or possibly each contains a different path. This will make configuring the proxy server a lot easier.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend using different values for each proxy configuration. This may mean each configuration is a different subdomain or possibly each contains a different path. This will make configuring the proxy server a lot easier.
```

</Callout>

## About your proxy server [#expectations]

> The New Relic browser agent team provides neither a cloud proxy service nor support on such service application. **You must make and maintain your own proxy servers.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
New Relic does not provide a cloud proxy service or support for such services. You must configure and manage your own proxy servers.
```

To that effect, some assumptions are made about your proxy that must hold true for full functionality:

> 1. As mentioned above, if a proxy is used to load the agent code, it should fetch them from our CDN and pass it back to the client.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If a proxy is used to load the agent code, the proxy should fetch them from our CDN and pass it back to the client.
```
@cwli24 What's `them` in this context? The agent code?

Author: oh, the `them` refers to the agent code (parts)

>   a. Our current CDN is `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/`. E.g., for v1.240.0, requests to `https://yourproxy.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js` should yield the same response as from the upstream `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * Our current CDN is `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/`. For example, for browser agent v1.240.0, requests to `https://yourproxy.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js` should yield the same response as from the upstream `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js`.
```

2. The beacon proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic.
  a. Your original endpoint can be found in your browser application settings page -- look for `;NREUM.info={beacon:"_____",...` in the copy snippet. For most apps, this would be `(https://)bam.nr-data.net`. However, it could be different for some customers for compliance and legal reasons.

>   b. E.g., requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be pass through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  b. E.g., requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be passed through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.
```

* **Load the browser agent code from the New Relic CDN and pass it back to the client.** If you’re using the `assets` field, your proxy should load the browser agent code from `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/` and pass it back to the client. For example, for browser agent v1.240.0, requests to `https://assets.mydomain.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js` should yield the same response as from the upstream `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js`.

> * **Forward client payloads to New Relic.** The `beacon` proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic. Your original endpoint can be found in your browser application settings page. Look for `;NREUM.info={beacon:"_____",...` in the JavaScript snippet. For most apps, this would be `(https://)bam.nr-data.net`. However, it could be different due to compliance and legal reasons. For example, requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be passed through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Forward client payloads to New Relic.** The `beacon` proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic. Your original endpoint can be found in your [browser application settings page](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/browser-app-settings-page/). Look for `;NREUM.info={beacon:"_____",...` in the JavaScript snippet. For most apps, this would be `(https://)bam.nr-data.net`. However, it could be different due to compliance and legal reasons. For example, requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be passed through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.
```

> 2. The beacon proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic.
>   a. Your original endpoint can be found in your browser application settings page -- look for `;NREUM.info={beacon:"_____",...` in the copy snippet. For most apps, this would be `(https://)bam.nr-data.net`. However, it could be different for some customers for compliance and legal reasons.
>   b. E.g., requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be passed through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.
> 3. Requests and responses through the proxy server should not be modified.
> 4. The client IP is passed in the `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header from the proxy to New Relic servers. This is needed for the geolocation features in New Relic to work correctly.
>   a. You can exclude this if user privacy is of concern. In the case that this field is missing, our geolocation will simply view your proxy's location as the "client".
> 5. Your system has the capability and capacity to handle the amount of bandwidth and traffic generated by observability data collection.
>   a. This is entirely dependent upon the usage of your site.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The beacon proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic.
  * Your original endpoint can be found in your browser application settings page -- look for `;NREUM.info={beacon:"_____",...` in the JavaScript snippet. For most apps, this would be `(https://)bam.nr-data.net`. However, it could be different for some customers for compliance and legal reasons.
  * For example, requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be passed through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.
* Requests and responses through the proxy server should not be modified.
* The client IP is passed in the `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header from the proxy to New Relic servers. This is needed for the geolocation features in New Relic to work correctly.
  * You can exclude this header if you're concerned with user privacy. If this field is missing, our geolocation will simply view your proxy's location as the "client".
* Your system should be able to handle the bandwidth and traffic generated by observability data collection, but the amount of data generated will depend on your site's usage.
```

---
title: Proxy agent code and analytics data
tags:
  - Browser monitoring
  - Proxy
metaDescription: "The agent can be configured to fetch its code and send analytics through a proxy server instead of New Relic's endpoints."
---

<Callout variant="important">
This feature is currently available for those using the copy/paste or NPM browser installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We are continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.
</Callout>

Setting a proxy URL for the browser agent can be valuable because it can help you to get around ad blockers and security VPNs that block client requests to third-party domains.

Ad blockers and security VPNs often block third-party domains because they can be used to track users across the web. By proxying your requests through a first-party subdomain, you can bypass these blockers and ensure that your observability data is still being collected.

## How it works [#how-it-works]

> With [browser agent version 1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes) and higher, you can set up a proxy by configuring the following browser agent properties:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using a proxy to send website performance data over a first-party subdomain, the proxy server acts as an middleman between your site and New Relic. Your site sends the monitoring data to the proxy server, which then forwards it to New Relic.

To set up proxies, you'll need to configure the following browser agent properties: 
```

---
title: Proxy agent code and analytics data
tags:
  - Browser monitoring
  - Proxy
metaDescription: "The agent can be configured to fetch its code and send analytics through a proxy server instead of New Relic's endpoints."
---

<Callout variant="important">
This feature is currently available for those using the copy/paste or NPM browser installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We are continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.
</Callout>

Setting a proxy URL for the browser agent can be valuable because it can help you to get around ad blockers and security VPNs that block client requests to third-party domains.

Ad blockers and security VPNs often block third-party domains because they can be used to track users across the web. By proxying your requests through a first-party subdomain, you can bypass these blockers and ensure that your observability data is still being collected.

## How it works [#how-it-works]

> When using a proxy to send website performance data over a first-party subdomain, the proxy server acts as an middleman between your site and New Relic. Your site sends the monitoring data to the proxy server, which then forwards it to New Relic.
> 
> To set up proxies, you'll need to configure the following browser agent properties: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using a proxy to send website performance data over a first-party subdomain, the proxy server acts as an middleman between your site and New Relic. Your site sends the monitoring data to the proxy server, which then forwards it to New Relic. As of browser agent , you can set up two different types of proxies, depending on what kind of data you want to forward: a proxy to fetch and deploy the browser agent code, and a proxy to forward analytics data to New Relic.

To set up these proxies, you'll need to configure the following browser agent properties: 
```

* `init.proxy.assets` determines where to fetch the browser agent.
  * If you’re using the copy/paste installation method, you’ll need to manually edit your JavaScript snippet and set `assets` to your domain URL. 
  * For example, if you’re using browser agent v1.240.0 Pro+SPA, and you set `init.proxy.assets` to `assets.mydomain.com`, the browser agent will be loaded from `https://assets.mydomain.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`.
  * If you’re using the NPM installation method, this configuration is not relevant. NPM-installed browser agents undergo the same bundling process as the host application and should result in agent assets in the `output` directory alongside the host application. When the host application is deployed, those agent assets should be deployed as well resulting in agent code already loading from the same domain as the site.
* `init.proxy.beacon` determines where analytics data gets sent.
  * For both installation methods, you’ll need to set `beacon` to your domain URL.

>   * For example, if you set `beacon` to `beacon.mydomain.com`, all observability data will be sent to `https://beacon.mydomain.com/YOUR_NR_ENDPOINT`.

Author: `YOUR_NR_ENDPOINT` seems out of place here and awkward.

If you’re concerned about user privacy, you can exclude the `X-Forwarded-For HTTP` header, which is used to geolocate clients. If you exclude it, New Relic will geolocate your proxy as the client instead.

## Set up your proxy [#set-up]

To set up your proxy, see the instructions below based on which deployment method you used to install the browser agent.

### Recommendations

When configuring these properties, we recommend the following:

> * Use a first-party subdomain. Even though you can technically use a third-party subdomain, it’s likely to get blocked by ad blockers and security VPNs.

Author: ```suggestion
* Use a first-party subdomain. Even though you can technically use another third-party domain, it’s likely to get blocked by ad blockers and security VPNs.
```

> * The subdomain URL pattern is `<domain>[:<port>][/<path>]`. Make sure to omit the protocol `https://` and ending URL slash. The `port` and `path` are optional and will be respected if added.

Author: ```suggestion
* The input pattern is `<domain>[:<port>][/<path>]`. Make sure to omit the protocol `https://` and ending URL slash. The `port` and `path` are optional and will be respected if added.
```

* If you’re configuring both `assets` and  `beacon`, set different values for each proxy URL, such as using a different subdomain for each URL or one that contains a different path. This will make configuring the proxy server a lot easier.

### Copy/paste installation [#copy-paste]

> If you're using the copy/paste installation method, add the following configuration to your browser JavaScript snippet, making sure to add your URL to `assets` and/or `beacon`:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using the copy/paste installation method, add the following configuration to your browser JavaScript configurations before the agent loader, making sure to add your URL to `assets` and/or `beacon`:
```

```js
window.NREUM.init = {
    ...<other init properties>,
    proxy: {

>         assets: URL
>         beacon: URL

Author: ```suggestion
        assets: <URL string>
        beacon: <URL string>
```

    }
}
```

### NPM installation [#npm]

> If you’re using the NPM browser installation method, add the following configuration to your browser agent, which will pass the `beacon` field in the `init` object:

Author: ```suggestion
If you’re using the NPM browser installation method, add the following configuration when initializing the browser agent:
```

```js

> new BrowserAgent({ init: { proxy: {
>         beacon: <URL to send analytics>
>     }
>   }
> })

Author: ```suggestion
new BrowserAgent({ 
  init: {
    ...<other init properties>,
    proxy: {
        beacon: <URL string>
    }
  }
})
```

To set up these proxies, you'll need to configure the following browser agent properties: 
* `init.proxy.assets` determines where to fetch the browser agent.
  * If you’re using the copy/paste installation method, you’ll need to manually edit your JavaScript snippet and set `assets` to your domain URL. 
  * For example, if you’re using browser agent v1.240.0 Pro+SPA, and you set `init.proxy.assets` to `assets.mydomain.com`, the browser agent will be loaded from `https://assets.mydomain.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`.
  * If you’re using the NPM installation method, this configuration is not relevant. NPM-installed browser agents undergo the same bundling process as the host application and should result in agent assets in the `output` directory alongside the host application. When the host application is deployed, those agent assets should be deployed as well resulting in agent code already loading from the same domain as the site.
* `init.proxy.beacon` determines where analytics data gets sent.
  * For both installation methods, you’ll need to set `beacon` to your domain URL.

>   * For example, if you set `beacon` to `beacon.mydomain.com`, all observability data will be sent to `https://beacon.mydomain.com/YOUR_NR_ENDPOINT`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * For example, if you set `beacon` to `beacon.mydomain.com`, all observability data will be sent to `https://beacon.mydomain.com/OBSERVABILITY_ENDPOINT`.
```

---
title: Proxy agent chunk requests and analytics data
tags:
  - Browser monitoring
  - Proxy
metaDescription: "The agent can be configured to fetch its code and send analytics through a proxy server instead of New Relic's endpoints."
---

From [version 1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes) and higher, the browser agent officially allows a proxy url to be set when determining either or both of:

> 1. Where to fetch or lazy-load agent code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Where to fetch or lazy-load agent code
```

> 2. Where to send analytics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Where to send observation data
```

> Today, many ad-blockers and security VPNs block client requests to third-party domains including New Relic's. As the number of internet users opting into the use of ad-blockers increase, customers will continue to lose observability on those devices. One solution would be to proxy those requests though an unblocked middleman. For example, `yoursite.com` can send its visitor analytics through its `nrbeacon.yoursite.com` proxy which would not be blocked by anti-adware being that it's considered a first-party (sub)domain.

Author: Could you revise this suggestion to `its` (grammatically correct over `it is`)

<Callout variant="important">

>   This feature is currently available for those using the copy-and-paste _or_ NPM installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We are continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.

Reviewer 2: We should use consistent wording or naming when we call out the copy and paste installation method.

Author: Is there a most common phrasing right now?

</Callout>

## How to use a proxy [#use]

The agent utilizes two configuration properties when determining where to fetch chunks or send data.

For example, using copy and paste:

```js
window.NREUM.init = {
    ...<other init properties>,
    proxy: {
        assets: <URL to fetch agent chunks>,
        beacon: <URL to send analytics>
    }
}
```

For NPM, similarly just pass the `init` object with a proxy as part of any other configurations:

```js
new BrowserAgent({ init: { proxy: <object similar to above> } })
```

> `init.proxy.assets` is used verbatim in the copy-and-paste installation to fetch agent chunks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`init.proxy.assets` is used verbatim in the copy-and-paste installation to fetch agent code.
```

> * For example, the v1.240.0 Pro+SPA loader will require `nr-spa.___-1.240.min.js` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For example, the v1.240.0 Pro+SPA loader will require `nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.min.js` file.
```

> * If this field is set to be `nrassets.abc.com` reverse proxy, provide this value as the exact URL, including the scheme and ending slash: `'https://nrassets.abc.com/'`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If this field is set to be `nrassets.abc.com`, the agent code will be loaded from `https://nrassets.abc.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js` instead of `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`
```

Author: Could you revise this edit; the message is lost here. It's important that they explicitly use `https://` and `/` at the end when providing the value for this property.

Reviewer 2: I added the `https://` piece but our code assumes the provided value does not end in a slash.

Author: it's different for the asset path vs beacon:
<img width="618" alt="image" src="https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/assets/28714891/98304ebf-a046-49e9-a395-43588e25dc11">
Webpack will just prepend that new url as is, so the ending slash must be specified.

Author: Or it's going to end up fetching from `https://nrassets.abc.comnr-spa.<hash>-1.240.0.min.js`

Reviewer 2: This is in the agent right now:
<img width="1275" alt="image" src="https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/assets/3984979/4d2628cf-5744-4608-8323-8d86d8673ea3">

> This is not relevant to NPM installed agents, as the main host project's bundler should take care of resources. `init.proxy.beacon` is used by both installation to determine the host to which data such as page view timings are sent. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration is not relevant to NPM installed agents. NPM installed agents will undergo the same bundling process as the host application and should result in agent assets in the output directory along side the host application. When the host application is deployed, those agent assets should be deployed as well resulting in agent code already loading from the same domain as the site.

`init.proxy.beacon` is used by both installation to allow proxying of observability data through a different domain.
```

> * For example, if those payloads are routed through a `nrbeacon.abc.com` proxy, then that is the exact string value to use. 
> <Callout variant="important">
>   * Note that the scheme (e.g, `'https://'`) and ending slash **should be omitted** for this property. The port, as part of the host, is accepted.
> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="important">
These configurations should follow a pattern of `<domain>[:<port>][/<path>]`. The schema `https://` and ending slash **should be omitted**. The `port` and `path` are optional and will be respected.
</Callout>
```

> Paths can also be used:
> ```js
> NREUM.init = {
>     proxy: {
>         assets: 'https://exampleproxy.com/chunks/',
>         beacon: 'exampleproxy.com/ingest'
>     }
> }
> ```
> <Callout variant="tip">
>   The browser agent team recommends using different endpoints for your proxies.
> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="tip">
The browser agent team recommends using different values for each proxy configuration. This may mean each configuration is a different subdomain or possibly each contains a different path. This will make configuring the proxy server a lot easier.
</Callout>
```

## About your proxy server [#expectations]

The New Relic browser agent team provides neither a cloud proxy service nor support on such service application. **You must make and maintain your own proxy servers.**

To that effect, some assumptions are made about your proxy that must hold true for full functionality:

> 1. As mentioned above, if a proxy is used to load the agent chunk(s), it should fetch them from our CDN and pass it back to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. As mentioned above, if a proxy is used to load the agent code, it should fetch them from our CDN and pass it back to the client.
```

  a. Our current CDN is `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/`. E.g., for v1.240.0, requests to `https://yourproxy.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js` should yield the same response as from the upstream `https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-spa.3b61d78f-1.240.0.min.js`.
2. The beacon proxy forwards client payloads to New Relic.
  a. Your original endpoint can be found in your browser application settings page -- look for `;NREUM.info={beacon:"_____",...` in the copy snippet. For most apps, this would be `(https://)bam.nr-data.net`. However, it could be different for some customers for compliance and legal reasons.
  b. E.g., requests to `https://yourproxy.com/1/asdf?a=123` should be pass through to `https://bam.nr-data.net/1/asdf?a=123`.
3. Requests and responses through the proxy server should not be modified.
4. The client IP is passed in the `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header from the proxy to New Relic servers. This is needed for the geolocation features in New Relic to work correctly.
  a. You can exclude this if user privacy is of concern. In the case that this field is missing, our geolocation will simply view your proxy's location as the "client".

> 5. Your system has the capability and capacity to handle the amount of bandwidth and traffic generated by analytics collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Your system has the capability and capacity to handle the amount of bandwidth and traffic generated by observability data collection.
```
